.\" Manpage for wolfssl encrypt.
.\" Contact info@wolfssl.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH wolfSSL SSL1  "10 Dec 2014" "0.3" "wolfssl encrypt man page"
.SH NAME
encrypt \- cipher routines
.SH SYNOPSIS
wolfssl -encrypt <-algorithm> <-in filename> [-out filename] [-pwd password] [-iv IV]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command allows data to be encrypted using ciphers and keys based on passwords if not explicitly provided
.SH ALGORITHMS
-aes-cbc-[128|192|256]
        uses AES algorithm with designated key size.

-aes-ctr-[128|192|256]
        uses AES Counter with designated key size.
        to use the -ctr option you must use the following:
        "#define WOLFSSL_AES_COUNTER"

-3des-cbc-[056|112|168]
        uses 3DES algorithm with designated key size.

-camellia-cbc-[128|192|256]
        uses Camellia algorithm with designated key size. Only available if ./configure settings support
.SH OPTIONS
-in filename/stdin    the input filename, standard input. If file does not
.br
                      exist, user will be prompted for file name or input string
.br
.LP
-out filename         the output filename, if filename does not exist, it will be created
.br
.LP
-pwd password         password to derive the key from. Prompts user if password
.br
                      option is not provided. If password option is used iv is not required.
.br
.LP
-iv IV                the actual iv to use. If not provided, one is randomly generated.
.br
                      Must be provided in hex
.br
.LP
-key Key              the actual key to use. Must be in hex
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time.
.SH AUTHOR
wolfSSL, Inc. (info@wolfssl.com)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2014 wolfSSL Inc.  All rights reserved.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report wolfssl bugs to support@wolfssl.com
