.\" Manpage for wolfssl command line utility main options.
.\" Contact support@wolfssl.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH  wolfSSL SSL1 "10 Dec 2014" "0.3" "wolfssl man page"
.SH NAME
wolfssl \- wolfSSL Command Line Utility. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
wolfssl COMMAND [OPTIONS]... [ARGUMENTS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The wolfssl program is a command line tool for using various cryptographic functions of wolfSSL's wolfCrypt cryptography library.
wolfSSL supports industry standards up to the current TLSv1.2 and DTLSv1.2 and offers a simple API for ease of use. Which can be utilized for:
    \- Encryption and Decryption with Ciphers
    \- Hashing functionality
    \- Benchmark utilities
    \- x509 conversion from PEM to DER or DER to PEM
    With more features to come.
.SH COMMAND SUMMARY
wolfSSL offers many different commands all of which have a vast variety of options and arguments. 
This utility is to be used with wolfSSL installed and can use different function based on different ./configure options

LIST
        -encrypt \- encrypt a file or basic input using various algorithms and options
        -decrypt \- decrypt a file or basic input using various algorithms and options
        -hash \- hash a file or basic input using a variety of hashing algorithms
        -bench \- tests the processing speed of the ciphersuites
        -x509 \- converts an existing PEM formatted certificate to DER format or vise versa
.SH OPTIONS
Acceptable options can be brought up using either "-help" or through the man pages of the commands
.SH BUGS
No known bugs at this time.
.SH AUTHOR
wolfSSL, Inc. (info@wolfssl.com)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2014 wolfSSL Inc.  All rights reserved.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report wolfssl bugs to support@wolfssl.com
