wolfSSL Deos example projects
=============================

# Import project in blank workspace

This project is for running wolfcrypt tests and benchmark on platforms.

1. Create platform. In OpenArbor select "File -> New -> DDC-I Deos
   Platform project" and select the desire platform.

2. Add *printx* project. Select "File -> New -> DDC-I Deos Example
   Project" and then check printx under "training > printx"

3. Import the wolfSSL project from `IDE/ECLIPSE/DEOS` in wolfSSL folder

4. Import this project. Select "File -> Import", then choice "Existing
   Projects into Workspace" under General. In the next window select
   "Select Root directory" and navigate to the location of this
   directory (eg C:\OpenArbor\wolfssl-examples\DEOS). Select the check
   boxes for the project and click the "Finish" button.


# Additional notes and limitations

## wolfcrypt test and benchmark

For running wolfSSL benchmarks, some output is longer than 80
characters. This can cause memory issues without modifying `printx` to
handle longer line length.

```
static char BUFF[128];
```

## Deos network use

Use of the network interface may require changing the address of the
platform. This is set in `lwip.config`. For a new project you will
need to open the "Complete Integration -> Kernel Files" and selecting
the `lwip.config` file. If prompted, select to copy the file for
editing.

Below is an example to set the IP address to 192.168.2.16 and the
gateway to 192.168.2.100

```
interface=dtsec:2,1,FMANV3 DHCP 192.168.2.16 255.255.255.0
gateway 192.168.2.100
```

## Miscellaneous

Hardware platforms may require additional steps to boot. See specific
documentation from vendors. Below are some notes for a specific
example.

Setup TFTP server to use `platform/output` directory as base. After
that ensure boot image is generated by selecting "Properties" for the
platform project. Under "DDC-I Options" on the "Deos" tab and "Boot
Image" sub-tab check the box for "Generate a boot image file"

In addition the `deosBoot.bin` and the `.dtb` file were copied from
the platform directory to be served by the TFTP server.


```
cp /c/DDC-I/desk/platform/$PLATFORM/boot/deosBoot.bin output/
cp /c/DDC-I/desk/platform/$PLATFORM/bin/*.dtb output/
```